Now, let's play around a little more with this test that we have written over here.
Let's change this to string and try to learn this.
I'm going to fix this to three.
So earlier when we ran this, if you remember,
it gave a green signal which was a test.
Now let's try to run it again and see what happens.
Okay. First said there is no return statement.
Let me just return this and rerun it.
Okay. So let's read this.
It says method tests must be void.
So that's one of the primary conditions that this needs to be void.
Let's do one more thing.
Let's change it to a private method and see what happens now.
As you see it's already turned gray,
which means it's never used.
Why does it do that?
We'll find out right now.
Okay. It says it's incompatible types.
First of all, let me remove this and rerun this.
Okay. The second thing it says is that the test method should be public.
So we just learned two primary things that we need to keep in mind why do I need test.
First, they need to be void and second they need to be public.